todo.md, before:

# Part 1

1. Implement 2 columns vertically max height, and resizable horizontally.
2. Ensure the code works when placing this in any container.
 - Is there any point in accommodating smaller containers than the viewport? It may or may not pass responsiveness requirements...let's wait and see.
3. Produce the same effect for 2 horizontal panes.
4. Modify (1) for 3 panes.
  - if your only option is to set a boundary and not allow infinite nesting, in your css only solution, then generate your CSS via SCSS logic. Do not manually type styles out at each nesting level of markup for example.
5. Determine the logic of how the other 2 panes should resize: equally? proportionately? Once one is dragged to zero, should it have a knockon effect where the drag motion continues and carries on dragging the pane next to it?

# Part 2

1. Make it possible to nest infinitely, and physiaclly minimise (hide) the panes that are not needed in view (e.g. because their content is safe to hide in the user experience).
2. Add a rule where only 6 panes are visible at any one time. Others are automatcally minimised based on some relationship to the position of the most recently expanded pane.
3. Make your design fully responsive by adding style/logic to accommodate tablets and mobile screens. You may even want to make your columns behave like row sections.

Commit message:

nesting has shown that the children elements require dynamic minimum widths, otherwise, the minimum width can fall below the threshold of being 20% of the root element

todo.md, after:

# Part 1

1. Implement 2 columns vertically max height, and resizable horizontally.
2. Ensure the code works when placing this in any container.
 - Is there any point in accommodating smaller containers than the viewport? It may or may not pass responsiveness requirements...let's wait and see.
3. Produce the same effect for 2 horizontal panes.
4. Modify (1) for 3 panes.
  - if your only option is to set a boundary and not allow infinite nesting, in your css only solution, then generate your CSS via SCSS logic. Do not manually type styles out at each nesting level of markup for example.
  - nesting has shown that the children elements require dynamic minimum widths, otherwise, the minimum width can fall below the threshold of being 20% of the root element, which is our minimum pane width. NOW the markup solution must move away from nesting and try only one parent container and thereafter only siblings.
5. Determine the logic of how the other 2 panes should resize: equally? proportionately? Once one is dragged to zero, should it have a knockon effect where the drag motion continues and carries on dragging the pane next to it?


# Part 2

1. Make it possible to nest infinitely, and physiaclly minimise (hide) the panes that are not needed in view (e.g. because their content is safe to hide in the user experience).
2. Add a rule where only 6 panes are visible at any one time. Others are automatcally minimised based on some relationship to the position of the most recently expanded pane.
3. Make your design fully responsive by adding style/logic to accommodate tablets and mobile screens. You may even want to make your columns behave like row sections.
